So, I'm going to go ahead and see if I can get a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a
little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of the little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of a little bit of
Jeffrey, how are ya? Left hand monkey wrench. You are indeed first on my end, too. Hello, Albert.
Hi, Pamela. Hi, Mark.
V got your card today or yesterday, Pamela. Thank you.
The rules protect yourself at all times, follow my instructions, keep it clean, touch gloves if you wish, and let's do it.
20 pounds. This is so crazy. Like, these bumps. This is so crazy. I feel so nervous. Like, what in the world, man?
Oh, man, I didn't have this up. You don't have that.
That's why I need to run the introduction, so I get all my sound right. As usual, one man pan clouded around here.
This is Gigo and biological. Welcome to the show. I'm very happy to be here. Trying to dispel the enchantment.
Probably should have a biggie on that one. Trying to learn biology, and I think we're doing a fairly good job of it.
Trying to stay skeptical as well. Going to adopt every new fan in the business here, because we've got to remember to follow behind that you're here in the sound.
Oh, that makes me Gigo. I'm sorry. That's just wrong. That makes me Gigo.
Sorry, I never give you enough time to read that one, but it's a hard one to read.
They have conned us into teaching this mythology. Sorry. They have conned us into teaching this mythology to our children.
They really have, though. They have conned us into teaching this mythology to our children.
We're doing the city of the ages.
Yes, two days ago. What sites did you see?
Janet Reno, you're a very funny lady. Y'all, that's funny.
Sing your band, and then tell me, Bob.
God.
You don't understand, Mr. Brown.
Holy weapon.
Don't forget that he's sounding reasonable by design, right? That's the whole thing.
The idea is to make you ashamed of your own politics.
The idea was to make him sound like he was much better than the statesmen and states women of America.
That's the idea. It's the whole idea.
Don't get down about it. See it for what it is.
This multi-polar world plan of theirs. You've got to kind of see this performance for what it is.
These are not journalistic endeavors so much as announcements.
The way that we win is we focus on the biology and we make this touchdown where we actually alert people
to what has been done to us with regard to public health and we discredit the public health narrative.
That's how we're going to win. We don't have to worry about all the other stuff right now.
We can, but I think personally, for me, I'm going to stay focused on the biology.
There are rooms like this, though. There are rooms like this. There are programs like this one.
And we need to keep swinging because they're not going to stop.
This is their plan for how to govern us into the foreseeable future.
And if you can't see it, that's great for them.
If you forget about your history and let them slowly erase it and replace it, that's great for them.
I really do think that the hope only lies in our young people, our college age kids realizing that even the mythology of HIV and AIDS needs to be revisited,
the mythology of cancer-causing viruses needs to be revisited,
and the people that were involved in encouraging with billions of dollars of research funding
and special programs in the government need to be revisited
because they have been telling this story about the coming singularity that solves all of humanity's problems.
And it's not anywhere near it happening, but this is what motivates these people.
This is the charlatan-like power that they have over the entire world.
And we need to dispel this mythology by pursuing what is the...
I guess best described as the irreducible complexity of the sacred biology.
The most beautiful stuff in biology is this sacred biology.
And this is the biology that's easier to ignore.
It's easier to pretend that we have almost all the problems solved, all the questions answered.
And if you just breathe hard enough, that mist disappears.
You just breathe hard enough, that mist disappears.
This information brief is brought to you by a biologist, a patchclamp physiologist.
Gigome is an actual real value of resistance.
And so it's kind of a corny pun or play on words there.
Gigome, biological, high-resistance, low-noise, information brief brought to you by a biologist.
And if you've been following me for a while, you're up here at the top of the wave
and we stay focused on the biology up here.
We don't take the bait on TV, and we love our neighbors.
And I can't thank enough everybody who has subscribed in the last couple weeks.
This is an old list. It's stuttering along right now.
I apologize for that.
So Simon, Fabrizio, Catherine, Carolyn, Lori, Michelle, Leo, Jeffrey,
you've all had your names read once, and it's not to say that that's some kind of reward.
It just means that there probably should be other names up here, but I haven't put them up yet.
And also there's probably a few extra subscribers on here.
And so those people will be up on there tomorrow.
I wasn't planning on doing there. It stopped stuttering.
I wasn't planning on doing the whole beginning.
I was just going to do all my sound checks offline.
And then I ran out of time, so this is the way that I normally do it.
It's probably the best way to do it anyway.
And this, I believe, is copyright.
So I'm going to just play some games here and pretend like I can just do this.
Master DJ that I am, just push a couple buttons and set it back a few minutes.
And so yes, we are still reviewing this narrative of a novel virus that appeared in 2020
and has been circulating going on five years now.
I think this is part of the biological mythology that you can use to start to open people's mind.
It's very easy for them to hear three or two or three years ago, two or three years ago.
And people start to shorten the time period.
They almost want you to forget about the whole year of 2020, maybe even 2021.
And that's a very, very dangerous mistake because in 2020 and 2021
were when many of the people that were ahead of the curve were burnt to the hardest.
And this is the part of the story that most people want to ignore.
The faith in the novel virus was established then.
And the people that had the courage to question it back then are the people that are suffered the most, I think,
and are still suffering now because other people have stepped in front of them
because of apparent credentials or inventions or patterns rather than for their principles that they had in 2020.
And in fact, even people that have had principles in 2020 are being misconstrued as people who are just cynical.
And if you were cynical, you got it right.
But, you know, cynical doesn't mean you have a good idea of what's going on.
And this is just ridiculous.
And so we're going to revisit a little bit of that tonight because they're making the noise.
So we might as well, you know, acknowledge that we hear that noise.
They're definitely not making any noise about those statements though.
Definitely not making any noise about those statements.
Mike Vandenberg, next date.
And that's what's kind of disappointing about all of this stuff.
They're not making any noise at all.
They're not questioning any of the pillars of this faith.
And instead ignoring the lack of spread in New York City,
ignoring what virology is or isn't in all of the excellent work that has been done by people before this on AIDS
and on all viruses in general, the idea that placebo batches could have been used,
the idea that transfection is a known thing, an idea that was there before the pandemic
and people that have been using it should have known that using this in healthy humans was ridiculous.
I mean, it was harder to see that the protocols were murder because the TV wasn't telling us
because the TV people were lying about it because the doctors in the hospitals didn't know any better.
But the protocols were definitely murder.
It's tough to know that gain of function was a mythology because again,
most of us were just watching this as casual observers for years.
And when you're told these things are possible, then you know, you just kind of shrug your shoulders,
especially if it's somebody like James Giordano and you just say, yeah, okay, whatever.
But we've been fooled into solving this mystery and by solving this mystery,
we've accepted the monsters and the spectacular commitment to lies that all the players have exhibited
is all that's really necessary for this Scooby-Doo to go on into the future.
But at Game of Go and Biological, we are over the target.
That's why so many people are angry, so many people are calling us gatekeepers
or controlled opposition or massage agents or CIA or whatever it is this week.
It's pretty hilarious.
I think my wife at this point wishes I was one of those things
because any one of those jobs would pay better than shaking a can on the Internet right now.
This was my long intro deck.
Wow, holy cats, sorry about that.
But we're almost done. I can see it now. I can see the end of the tunnel here.
That one needs to be fixed too.
This was the paradigm shift one.
Yeah.
Uh-huh.
And... there we go.
We are going to make gentle the life of this world.
I really like that statement.
I got a couple of bronze coins that say it.
Oh, this is repeating.
That one, that repeated.
I didn't fix that either.
That was what we were doing this morning.
There we go.
Please tell me this is the end of this story.
there we go please tell me this is the end of this where are we yes there she
is the one that makes this work and happened the the second half of giga
home biological there my best friend thank you very much thank her very much
for making this possible along with Greg and and and Stephen call Stephen
see excuse me and other people almost said people's names there this is February
8th 2024 we are in the fifth year of this fiasco it does really feel like we're
trapped at a never-ending little drama on a starship unable to get out of this
loop in time where everybody just keeps complaining about what just happened
and complaining about the mistakes that were made and fighting about them but
never really moving on to say what did we really really learn and I think that's
kind of where I want to go tonight where what did we really really learn let me
see if this cameras in focus I don't know that we're really having learned
very much it's actually kind of frightening I think I'm gonna pop out of
this I'm gonna pop out of this little thing here we are the independent bright
web there's a few there's a few candidate independent bright web people
like myself I think there's you know I would put mark he's a tonic live mark
kulek in that independent bright web category I might even put I'm at Mollick
doctor Doc Malick podcast that guy I might even put him in that independent
bright web category I mean I know that that Jessica Hockett is in a bro with
with a show but I might I might put Jessica Hockett in that group of of
independent bright web members anybody that's fighting for our grandkids
anybody that's fighting to figuratively plant trees under whose shade you will
never shelter that that's what we're doing here that's what we're trying to do
here at giga ohm biological and those figurative trees are really knowledge
of where the the the irreducible complexity of biology is and how to see
it how to understand it and how to appreciate it and maybe even how to slowly
probe it and understand it better but to do so with a reverence of do not
disturb a reverence of assuming that however this grand system you know of
pattern integrity is working that should best observe it rather than
perturb it in this sense I just want to play a few interesting ideas go through
a few interesting ideas here I don't think well how can I say this excuse me
that's not what you're supposed to be I think it's really important to start
with a slide like this all the time because it is my goal it is my overarching
idea that we need to start with a foundation of not misleading the young
and in in the biological in the biological space I think it is very very easy to
partake in this worst-case scenario and narrative festival which goes very
hand-in-hand with the climate change thing where the world is going to end in
12 years and that animals are going to go extinct and everything is going to
collapse independent of whether or not that is possible independent of that of
whether or not that's going to happen the idea that we have a firm grasp and
understanding of how that is going to happen and all the the mechanisms that
are at play with regard to how that's happening and that one very crucial clue
about that is carbon dioxide or another clue his surface temperature or or these
kinds of things are rather absurd simply because the whole system has so many
other variables involved in it that are more important than it would it would
be ridiculous to to to say such a thing and so I would really love to at some
point in time have the opportunity to work with people who work with kids like
young kids to get them to think more on a Buckminster Fuller kind of way with
regard to you know raising your kids with a with a healthy respect and
reverence for nature when you look out into nature you should see something to
emulate Buckminster Buckminster Fuller said that you know and he looks at trees
what he sees is how wood is supposed to be worked and and it's probably not
exactly what he said but but that that's the kind of idea that in a lot of ways
what makes AI so cool is that when you use AI to say okay how would you know
to sort out how to how to create a structure for example and you allow it
to use rules or or or I don't know how the right what the right but to use
life as a model to use trees as a model to use to use living things as a model
you get these you get these structures that are very difficult to predict or
impossible to predict but they actually do in many ways mimic the way that
living organisms organize their their structures and that's probably a
terrible example the idea again is to say that we need to put these young
people's curiosity about the natural world into a into proper focus and and
into proper reverence and a frame of reverence not a frame of reference but a
frame of reverence is what I hope Giga on biological could give from the
perspective of a biology news source or whatever we're gonna call this thing I
don't I hate the word teacher because it sounds so but a fellow explorer you
know that's what we're doing and I just happen to have the cameras so I'm on
this side of it but but you know it's just a fellow explorer we're trying to
figure out what who we are as a as a people and as a species and where we
fit in this in the grand scheme of life on earth and and the the way that we
are being governed is to take away that reverence to make that as trivial as
possible and instead turn that reverence toward some kind of materialism some
kind of society oriented or government oriented or or collective oriented
morality instead of a reverence for nature and a reverence for our you know
tiny place in the world our reverence for the perfection of a newborn baby and
these these things have been manipulated on purpose these ideas have been
manipulated in us on purpose and through media and television and movies over
many years I believe but this has ramped up I don't think in the 70s the extent
to which these these these things were under attack cognitively is anywhere
near what they you can compare it to nowadays where really we are under
assault there is no there is no restraint to how many channels and how
many messages and how many possibilities and how many bad ideas are out there
right now that our children and our young people and our young adults are
forced to deal with it in some way or another even if it's just tuning out
but that's also limiting in that sense then right if you can't watch the news
and find something useful without going through an incredible amount of stress
and making an incredible number of mistakes then it it has the same
chilling effect on your you know your your desire to participate as a
citizen and that's the whole idea they don't they want everybody to go limp and
I think there's been people that throughout the pandemic have explained
that that if you can't have you don't have any control over the stress that
you experience then you tend to become helpless and and this is the psychological
effect of the pandemic this is what they have been doing to us since we've been
sitting on our couches and that's really that's really what the worst case scenario
was all about get you on your couch and then repeat over and over again and
plant it over and over again either way you can plant it in in discussions
where the lab leak idea is ridiculous you can plant it in discussions where
people are arguing for the plausibility of the lab leak on some weird podcast
like Brett Weinstein and together those two things combined to create this
limited spectrum of debate where when you meet some people at work it doesn't
matter who you talk to or what side of the debate they saw before they ran into
you you're all ready to ready to interact in this pre puppeteered manner with
these pre puppeteered questions because they were pre puppeteered on that little
tiny device right there and it didn't matter whether you were a Democrat or
a Republican or an independent you were gonna be puppeteered because we were
forced to stay home and everybody that was an authority figure they had an
illusion of consensus about the rationale the rationality of lockdowns and the
moral acceptability of lockdowns no one was allowed to credibly question it and
therefore no one questioned it no one felt the possibility of questioning and I
wanted to question it when I was sitting in a gymnasium full of adults that
were masked watching a concert band fully masked I wanted to stand up and
scream but the illusion of consensus on every phone and every television in the
township every kid and every adult in that room made it really hard and what
would have happened if I would have done it I don't look back and think that I
I do kind of look back and think I wish I would have but what would have happened
I would have humiliated my son I would have humiliated my wife and
humiliated my other son and my daughter that was sitting next to me watching and
would I've achieved anything maybe if I would have said exactly the right words
but that's every time you push the button of the stream you think maybe this is
gonna be the stream that changes things it may finally wakes people up to
realize they don't just lie about some stuff they're lying about everything and
it's not just been the pandemic it's been before that and I've had the same
problem where I thought yeah of course they're lying about Iraq of course they're
lying about 9-11 of course they lie about terrorism but they would never lie
about biology they would never lie about medicine why would they lie about public
health and disease that's just crazy of course they lie about people of course
that people lie about people of course their spies of course politicians lie of
course the the press secretary lies but why would they ever lie about biology
that was me that was me I mean that that that's why I went into science because
you can't lie about science I mean come on science science I mean obviously it's
science it's how can you lie about it and it takes a very sophisticated
understanding not to say that I'm sophisticated but to say that you've got
to put a lot of time into it in order to reach the brick wall that is that
mythology that is that illusion that the that the irreducible complexity is
gone that we've solved the problem because we we we sequence the human genome and
that was a long time ago and we're on to bigger and brighter things and we're
about to solve every problem in the book when the reality is is we have more
problems than ever it more diseases than ever it's not that we just found names
for them it's not that we're just getting better at finding them it's
because there are more than ever more disease conditions in the human
condition than there ever have been most likely and you can say oh yeah but
everybody was dirtier and they didn't have any food back then but they weren't
having the chronic diseases that we have now that are involved with process
foods or no exercise or or bad air or bad water I mean yeah they had bad water
but not this kind of bad water not the bad water with chemicals in it not bad
water with with flame retardants in it not the bad water with lead in it bad
water with Giardia in it you know bad water with animal excrement and other
diseases in it yes that's true yeah that's a different kind of bad water and so
I'm still wondering if it's possible that at some point there's gonna be this
breaking moment where I was because I had this breaking moment I'm one of
these idiots that right up until 2022 I didn't understand that the vaccine
schedule was a criminal enterprise a holy criminal enterprise I didn't
understand it I'm I'm very very sorry that I didn't understand it I had a
really good chance and I didn't snap out of it when I could have snapped out of
it when my my daughter was born I wasn't I didn't see it I didn't get it I got
it but I didn't get it and the reason why I didn't get it was because I didn't
push far enough I didn't keep asking I said I got these doubts I know it's
wrong but I'm not gonna I'm just just gonna kind of you know ignore it and this
is where we are with the COVID thing right now this is where we are with the
transfection thing right now this is where we are with 2020 and the lockdowns
and masks and protocols right now we are we don't want to ask any more
questions we don't want to work harder we don't want to add we don't want to
address Jessica Hockett we just want to ignore we don't want to talk about that
what happened in Italy anymore we don't want to debate about it anymore it's
just enough we want to move on but we can't because it is in 2020 in 2021 that
the truth can be found it is in those numbers it is in those bodies it is in
those stories that can or cannot be verified it is in those death certificates
it is in all of those testimonies it is in all of those people that were
there it's in those hospital records we need all of this and we need it now we
need to work on this now because it needs to be verified that something
happened and how it happened and when it happened and to who it happened or we
aren't gonna understand it and we will never understand it and the gatekeepers
of this narrative will remain the same people that they are right now who are
insistent that there was a novel virus that killed millions of people around
the world but millions more were saved from it came from gain a function and
will come again that's how they plan to completely eliminate your ability to
exercise informed consent there's no saying no and it's emergency you heard
Sam Harris say it right at the beginning of the pandemic and you heard Brett
Weinstein agree with him and these bad ideas are not going away they're still
spreading around people are still denying that they had these bad ideas
that they perpetuated these are bad that they championed them and worse yet
they're still arguing about the minutia of them as if as if they're not just
holy dismissible in the same way that you know
transfection might be okay if we could get the DNA out well lockdowns might be
alright if we didn't do it quite as soft as we did but we did it hard and we
did it for real and it would be over
and so this illusion of consensus is still going on and I'm still working in
the background to try and put together a response that everybody can can be
happy about and it's gonna come in the next I don't know five days or
something like that maybe less I don't think everybody's gonna stand up and
cheer anymore than I think anybody I hoped that they would in 2021 when I did
my first immunology four-hour lecture I'd hope they do it in 2022 and I did it
again I hope they would do it in 2023 when I did it again and then in May of
2023 when I did it again but nobody ever sees the big picture because most of the
people that are involved in this are still interested in extending the worst
case scenario confusion and blending it in with the transfection somehow blending
it in and and confusing it with the spike of the transfection the spike of
the virus and everybody's working for that still so I some part of me is
resigned to say maybe I'm wrong maybe there was a a toxic spike protein that
was traveling around the world on the back of a coronavirus that was created
in a laboratory cloned in a laboratory and released and it ran all around the
world like wildfire I don't know how it happened I don't know what I don't know
anything about it but I do know that there were a number of people at the
beginning of the pandemic that had no business knowing what they knew knowing
about the fear and cleavage site knowing about amyloidosis and prion disease
and looking at the little tiny inserts in the in the in the receptor binding
domain between s1 and s2 and describing these things as though they were
virologists but actually before that they were anti-vax
anti-vax biologists before that they were working on longevity solutions and
then suddenly they were became virologists and could have instantly
identified the fear and cleavage site and make some argument how this is
definitive evidence for a lab leak
and so these extraordinary claims require you know extraordinary evidence and
they don't have it they don't have any evidence for how they just happen to
say you know I just happened to hear that this pandemic was well
there this there was this virus and I just happened to have some spare time so I
thought I'd blast the sequence and lo and behold I noticed that a couple of
this this motif was very strange it was a poly basic cleavage site and I thought
it was very curious so I decided to write a blog about it in January of 2020
nobody can claim that unless you already have a few papers on coronavirus
and you have a few papers on the fusion protein and you have a so maybe
maybe there are a couple people in the world who wrote a blog post about it
that were legitimately from a from a professional perspective okay or
or an experienced perspective it makes sense that you're writing about this
molecule and about this particular cleavage site
but everybody else is an instant red flag absolutely instant red flag and
anyone should have seen it they were worst case scenarios
now the reason why I'm showing this reviewed the reason why I'm showing this
is because this is a video from the swine flu in 2009
and everybody that was invested that was fighting for the worst case scenario
was ignoring Wolfgang Wodach in 2020 I felt very much like I had seen a ghost
because I saw Wolfgang Wodach's testimony a couple times about what he thought
was going on here and every time I shared his name or his video with somebody
in one of these streams or or group discussions that I was involved in
every nobody wanted to talk about Wolfgang nobody wanted to hear about
him oh that was you know he was involved in 2009 that was a
little weird but they had some excuse but in reality
2009 was a very small-scale version of what this was it was a test run
it was absolutely a test run and it was a test run specifically in Europe
and there's no other way to see it I don't think Wolfgang would argue with me
if I would say it that way they definitely orchestrated a
a by vaccine treaty agreement where if the who declares a pandemic then you
agree to buy a certain number of vaccines and these
vaccine manufacturers had gone from country to country
showing other countries what other countries had ordered
and claiming that you know our production level is
is 20 million doses and so all these countries have ordered enough so
there's not very much left and if you don't order enough before we go to
Spain and these other countries there might not be a left for you
and the agreement is is that when you buy these doses when the who says
there's a pandemic it was really like they were they were
kind of sort of coercing governments into
committing to these orders under the pretense that if you don't
then there won't be any vaccine for you when it's time
and so listen to this reporter talking about how this was all
orchestrated and how dirty the the dealings were with regards to it
is that these vaccines have got a performance which is not very good
and they work best in healthy adults i.e. those have got good immune systems in
the first place and for which they usually are not recommended
but you give one picture here of this flu not being so
serious but the WHO gives another picture and they call it a pandemic
what do you say about the calling this flu a pandemic
well it's a good it's a good point i don't understand what a pandemic is
anymore and the reason for that is as follows
in w in 2003 WHO described a pandemic and influence a pandemic as follows
an influence a pandemic occurs when a new influenza virus appears
against which the human population has no immunity
resulting in several simultaneous epidemics worldwide
with enormous numbers of deaths and illness
sometime in may 2009 this definition changed as follows
an influenza pandemic may occur when any new influenza virus appears
against which the human population has no immunity
in other words what they've done is they've taken out
the part that referred to simultaneous outbreaks
high morbidity that's a very high number of
severe cases and mortality so now this definition
this 2009 definition could very well fit
seasonal influenza so i don't understand what the difference is
anymore but who is gaining this from this altered
definition of the pandemic or the new definition
lowers the threshold it makes a pandemic now
and possibly pandemic going on for some time
and it obviously favors those who have to sell products
including research of course let's not forget
and the media as well as the pharmaceutical industry
so that's a long time ago and that's dead on ball
accurate for what's happened this year or this last four years
and we are in the fifth years and don't forget that four complete years of this
and i'm still going to i'm going to rest on this
until i figure it otherwise but i really do feel there are two primary
kinds of actors now with regard to what's happening with t-morse case scenario
the first are people like me who are unwittingly
duped into believing that a gain of function virus likely leaked
and therefore actively advocating for this narrative and and
screaming from the rooftops about people covering it up
and then there was another group of people
uh who were kind of set in place to take particular stands on particular
things and this has much more to do with where you're standing on the train and
pretending to stop and start it these are people who are arguing about
ivermectin and hydroxychloroquine these were people who were arguing about
how AstraZeneca might be bad because of some reason that
that mRNA might not be bad these are people who were arguing that mRNA
from Moderna might be better than the mRNA from Pfizer and
arguing about funny things that had really nothing to do with the fundamental
narrative of the novel virus and these groups of of actors have moved
through the pandemic slowly titrating along
with where the scooby-doo should go first
you know going along completely with the narrative for the first three or four
weeks assuming that the worst case scenario could really be
really really really bad and so
Brett Weinstein of course was was completely sure that it was bushmeat
and already referring to aids how aids came from bushmeat and this is probably
from bushmeat and either way even if it's not from bushmeat we should
end bushmeat anyway and of course we've been making fun of them for like
three months now all on the internet and on twitter about
his mask stance um and it's very curious because he did
of course respond to more of this ridicule on his podcast a few days ago
and his response was i i don't even know
what words can you use to describe it when somebody says they're sorry but
they're not sorry i mean that that's what he does
all the time there is no i'm sorry i did it wrong there's no
sorry i got it wrong there's no sorry i blew it
and i can't stress enough how for at least
i don't know at least a few months now and probably for more than a year i've
been trying to come out and say i'm sorry i got it wrong
and that doesn't make i don't want i'm not i don't know how
who i am who can i be a gatekeeper with three thousand followers on twitch i'm
happy for every one of the people that support and subscribe to my work
but they are the people that know that at one point i was convinced that there
was a lab leak virus that it that something happened
but very very early on i became convinced that whatever happened
it couldn't be this self-sustaining spontaneous danger
that was just going to keep sweeping the globe and sneaking around forever
and so i've been fighting this that to understand this to to to
to figure it out and i think we're really close
i think we're really close to making a very big leap forward that
everybody who's legitimately fighting for our grandchildren can be proud of
and that means sam and and and mark bailey
it's possible that at one point we will be friends
because i don't have any
i don't have any critiques for the the farewell to virology document i'm
i'm planning very much to incorporate
that work into whatever i can try to add on to the work of those previous
people and it's not mark bailey can take a lot of
credit for that work but not all of it because there is
decades of viral skeptics out there that have been putting their reputation
in their family's life livelihoods on the line to speak out against HIV
and that model of disease and all of the billions of dollars that have followed
through there have been people that have been
speaking out about cancer for just as long
and so there is a lot of work to be done here that doesn't stop here with
deciding who's on the dream team and then shifting to
the invasion and talking about DNA and the shots
we can't stop there we have a childhood vaccine schedule that needs to be
completely demolished we have an opioid epidemic that's out of
control we have schools that have been completely
destroyed
and we have a at least a few years of college
age adults that really need an apology and a reorientation
and a reorientation back into society because they have just been
completely disoriented and removed from whatever
they have no chance of contributing to this society under the current spell
that they're under where they really believe what happened happened
they can't possibly fight it and they can't possibly
succeed in keeping their children out of that slavery so we've got it we've got
to make some moves here this is the kind of stuff that
passes for an apology or I guess I got it wrong but on the
whole I didn't get it wrong that wrong or I don't know what he's saying here
but I'll try and break it down a little bit as a start it's very very sloppy
and I don't mean to take the last word here
David Ike responded to me that what I said
revealed that I'm a dummy you want to put that up he says mr. Weinstein
so keep in mind already that here we have David Ike
who actually also talks a little bit on twitter with
the amazing poly is now having a conversation with
Brett Weinstein and he's taken a pretty harsh stance on
Brett's you know mealy-mouthed attempt to say that you know he got it pretty
right I mean he was pretty good guy and overall
is he's done pretty well and here's David Ike slapping him down
and this is the response then that Brett and and Heather give and I don't
I don't want to waste too much time with it but I need you to see that
this is not directed toward me this is a giant number of
of people on the internet who have who are just tired of
of half measures and tired of this pseudo intellectual behavior that has
nothing to do with intellectualism has nothing to do with teaching his
his viewers anything and although I haven't
necessarily gone out of my way to teach something in a in a few weeks
um that that's going to change and nobody's
nobody's going to be able to say very much about that in a few days so
I'm not worried about that what I want you to see here right now
and what I think is very important to notice here right now
are the words that are used in how they do not contain an apology they do not
contain an admission and they do not contain anything that remotely
approaches the questioning of public health as a whole
and public health as a whole if you're going to question it is the vaccine
schedule let's just say it right out flat
it is the vaccine schedule and one of the few places right now that's really
questioning the vaccine schedule or few people is
del big tree and I can and if you watch the right show and listen to the right
person like like Brian Hooker then you're going to see
that that that children's health defense is as well
and Brett Weinstein's never going to get there so for all of the
and here is where I'm finally getting to my point
for all the revelation that he's had over the course of these three years to
really come to understand how these things can be
elusive or or you know this this complex systems work
he hasn't gotten very far in his understanding at all
he's only gotten as far as to understand that there are gain of
function viruses and that pandemics are real and that lockdowns might work
he hasn't gotten to the stage where they could lie about biology you know he's
he's really not there yet and that's by design it's not possible
for anyone it's not possible for anyone at this stage not to be
to actually be awake you have to understand that the vaccine schedule
is looney tunes that giving two shots to a newborn baby in the
first few minutes that they've come out of their mama
is looney tunes for them to have more than
10 immunizations before they're six months old
rather than having a number of some real resources involved in
in raising the kid with proper nutrition and breastfeeding it's just
ridiculous so listen carefully this is the
apology i think if i've ever read confirmation that you have
no idea how it all works then this is it so thanks for that
i have been researching this full climb for 34 years and i don't need to be
told how things operate by someone who bought
covid lockstock and the other thing and the other thing
and explained during the fake pandemic how he wore a scarf around his neck at
home so he could pull it over his face when he answered the door i
called covid for what it was a hoax from the start
of 2020 because i had spent 30 years researching the cabal
and its methods for operation you bought it because you hadn't
that clearly still applies now i would point out a couple things here
this mask thing yep i was wrong masks were not useful against covid
not significantly was i a fool to think they might be
no until we knew that there was no fomite transmission
then there was a decent chance that masks would
at least have some value because they would keep droplets that contain the
virus from hitting a surface from getting to that surface in some
percentage of the instances and that would result in a
somewhat fewer instances of infection so do i feel
like a terrible person
i want you to see how significant that is
he's actually saying that masks do work but it's not significant in the
measurement of it they do prevent infection
he actually used the word fomite
which is a which is a term that was being thrown around in 2020 to make it
seem as though the discussion of aerosolized droplets or droplets or
fomites or a word for things on a surface
made this discussion seem more real it made the enchantment more real
because there were term and not there's terminology to learn what's a fomite
whoa you sound smart
masks can't work on something the size of what they say a virus is sized
we know that we know that we knew that from the
beginning the people that understood it were using this
tennis ball and and and uh or chain link fence and sand thing
and so it's really crazy right because what's he missing here what's he
missing here what are you missing Brett
it's not about the transmission of a virus masks were not about the
transmission of a virus in the end because you you had to really be
really really naive to think that a mask made of a bandana was going to
usefully stop a highly transmissible the most
transmissible virus in the history of mankind as some people described it
because of its fear and cleavage site
was going to be stopped by a bandana but more importantly this evolutionary
biologist this super genius with this unique insight into everything because
he sees it from an evolutionary angle didn't think about masking children
for a couple years didn't think about the impression that it would make
for adults to not really be able to rationalize and explain why we were
taking all these drastic measures but just trusting authority
he didn't think about what the effect it would have on high school kids
and their psychology with one another with their teachers with their parents
all of whom can't explain why everybody's lost their mind
there's not one inkling of understanding here of the bigger picture
from the granddaddy evolutionary biologist man
who's been so curious about so many things his whole life
can barely stand how smart he is
and yet for him right now masks are only about well
they weren't significant the p-values weren't as quite as high
as they should have been otherwise i would have been right
so was i dumb for thinking that the p-values might be high enough for
masks to be considered working no i wasn't dumb
because the p-values weren't out there yet as soon as the p-values came out
then i changed my mind
and so this super genius didn't think about children didn't think about
communication didn't think about socializing didn't think about
submission didn't think about depression didn't think about
contact didn't think about fear didn't think about the psychology of it at all
and he's still not right now this is from a day ago
and so after all this time to conceive about why it is he might want to apologize
for some of the things he did which is also advocate for hard lockdowns
which he's not even going to admit here
but he doesn't even understand the damage that we are talking about when we said
don't mask children don't mask people
you want to scare some people into masking themselves that's fine but once you
start going down to the children or telling
healthy people that they need to cover their faces
we were doing something wrong and he didn't understand it
he did not understand it
and apparently if you listen carefully he still doesn't understand it because he
doesn't understand the teenagers were damaged because
adults didn't understand he doesn't he doesn't get it
that children look to their parents for explanations for what's going on
and by design this system didn't give those parents any explanation
didn't give those teachers any explanation didn't give those school boards any
explanation other than a legal one
do it because you're told
and rather than help us make hard choices rather than exhibiting
principles during an emergency this guy demonstrated how to put a mask on
and use use his goggles
i would show that video but it's just not worth it this one is much better
because this one is from right now and he's making the same fool of himself
right now right here right now he does the same thing it's extraordinary
and its methods for operation you bought it because you hadn't that clearly still
applies now i would point out a couple things here
this mask thing yep i was wrong masks were not useful against covid not
significantly was i a fool to think they might be
no until we knew that there was no fomite transmission
then there was a decent chance that masks would
at least have some value because they would keep droplets that contain the
virus from hitting a surface from getting to that surface in some
percentage of the instances and that would result in a
somewhat fewer instances of infection so do i feel
like a terrible person for advocating for masks no was i wrong yes
um what are we to think about this as an indication of the quality of my
thinking i don't know that i'm a fallible person who
worked from a data set that was heavily polluted and became smarter over time
and i'm comfortable with that final thing i will say about it
is i am perfectly happy with you evaluating my record on covid
warts and all but the way you'd wrong yes that was really amazing listen
what are we to think about this as an indication of the quality of my
thinking i don't know that i'm a fallible person who
worked from a data set that was heavily polluted and became smarter over time
and i'm comfortable with that final thing i will say about it
is i am perfectly happy that's great
evaluating my record on covid warts and all but the way you do that
the rigorous way to do that is to think of it as a question of
area under the curve so my advocacy of masks and my
advocacy of masks i don't know what i said about
about mandating masks i know that i advocated for masks because
it seemed a low cost and likely to do some good
and that i at the point the evidence that it didn't stop digging
i handed it i was always uh stop digging appalled by the idea of
using them outdoors etc so he was always appalled by the
idea of using them outdoors sorry i missed that
i didn't mean that i wanted to pause it i didn't think it would do that way
sorry one and you know this is our bias but we think it is the right one
right the point is the net effect that we had on covid
was distinctly positive and if you want to do that net analysis great if you
want to pick one thing and harp on it endlessly
then that's your sloppy thinking and it's not our response
okay so i'm going to explain my sloppy thinking for brat
just so he gets it and i'm gonna do it once i know that lots of other people
have decided not to talk about brat anymore and i think that's a
valiant uh effort but i had a lot of interaction with brat
over a year or so on signal and at one point i thought we were going to be
friends and so i'm still a little hurt and so i'm
gonna still talk about brat anyway the point is is that what he's
missing is excruciatingly painful it really is
because in 2020 let me say it very clearly
in 2020 we had the chance to save everyone from
transfection we could have saved everyone brat
not just a few people but everyone every college student
was untranspected in 2020 we could have saved them all brat
we could have saved them all we could have stopped all the colleges from
doing any testing at all we could have saved them all we could have
advocated for everybody to just stay home
i couldn't have done it but you could have
we definitely could have stopped them from taking the shots we definitely
could have stopped every young adult from taking the
shots but we didn't
i tried you didn't you didn't do anything to stop people
from taking the shot in 2020 nothing in fact your
advocation for masks fueled the narrative that something was circulating
that everybody needed to protect themselves from
don't you understand that and that extended fear
uncertainty and doubt is what led thousands of americans to rush
to get transfected
so the net positive you're talking about i don't i don't get the math that you're
doing unless you're really ignoring a certain
time period where apparently nobody's guilty
doesn't matter if you were looking for novel
uh drug combinations using a ai program or whether you were working on
doing novel treatment funding or whether you are advocating for masks
you were always you all of those people would be extending the narrative of
worst-case scenario because there's a novel virus we've got a panic we've got
a search for new solutions we need new we need new
understandings we need to have new immunology we need to find out what this
new biology is you because of your masks uh Steve Kirsch because of his
funding novel treatments and Robert Malone because he's running around
in the backyard in the back background getting volunteers to help him make a
computer model of the three cl protease so that he can interface it with
all known drugs and pharmaceuticals to find
uh computer predicted inhibitors of that that enzyme
and every one of those narratives every one of those stories involves a person
that running around excited motivating other people and getting other people
excited about a novel virus that's killing millions of people but
millions more could be saved from if we just find out the way
and that's not a story that i was telling my story was that natural immunity was
going to be much better that natural immunity would be the way to go
and that transfection was going to be no way to help people that wanted to live
a long healthy life i was afraid i admit to say that it might not might be
okay for old people and they've already taken it so whatever but don't give it
to young people natural immunity would be better we've
been exposed to this stuff before that's what i was saying
while he was saying masks while he was saying lockdowns
people like me people like Ryan Cole people like like Peter McCullough
people like
Wolfgang Wodach and Michael Yeden were all saying whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa
and not him not him he was saying whoa whoa give me my mask where is it
hold on a minute i got that's a very different thing
that is gigantically different and only only only if you allow people
to erase and forget what they did in 2020 or did not do
in 2020 said or did not say in 2020 and 2021
will we have this problem
and these people that stepped in front and are now at the front or insisting
that they should be at the front because they invented something
or because they were ahead of something and they didn't do it in 2020 i'm sorry
but no no because then you've got to defer to
Wolfgang Wodach, Michael Yeden, Thomas Binder,
Sucred Bakti, you've got to defer to the people like Knutwitskowski
you got to defer to the people like Peter McCullough
because if you were running around in 2020 looking for novel treatments for
the disease if you were running around writing books about
about how to survive the covid virus
then you were perpetuating the worst case scenario narrative
and you weren't trying to save people from going limp and surrendering to the
public health narrative that's what i was trying to stop
i was marching around in the woods saying that ladies and gentlemen this
public health narrative is only the beginning
these weaponized piles of money are going to use this narrative to put us in a
jail that's what i was saying while he was talking about masks
and lockdowns and bush meat and ivermectin being well i don't know it
might be very surprising to some people but ivermectin is apparently 100%
effective prophylactically against covid
oh there's a tea here it's probably not even warm anymore
ships i blew that one darn it that's why my voice is breaking down i didn't
start my tea
i'm not getting done with this video darn it i thought i would be off this
already this is gonna get a lot worse don't i
well i think um i mean i hadn't seen this interchange before
here we go and i don't i i recognize the name but i don't i don't really know
who he is um but going from what he claims about what his
work has been um i'm reminded of this gonna sound like a
total month's accurate first but i'm reminded of myself as a young person
uh going into college i wanted to be a writer that's what i wanted to do
and i'm very quickly realized in my literature and writing
courses and i was also taking science because i specifically wanted to be a
science fiction writer but i wanted to be a writer i
quickly realized especially in the creative writing classes that
um all the turns of phrase and grammatical skill in the world
doesn't give you anything to write about and so you know writing is a tool and
it's can be an art form um but it's not sufficient you need to
actually know something and so i think i feel the same way and again i don't i
don't know what it is that he claims to have exactly you know how it is that he
frames what he is what he does but people who
um she's not sure who david aik is so she's not aware of his 30 years of
writing books about how the lizard people are taking over
he's not aware of the freemasons and the
illuminati and all the other stuff that david aik talks about it's it's almost
comical can you imagine can you imagine
how ridiculous it is that they're making a podcast right now and pretending
that they're kind of shooting off the cuff
the david aik i'm just responding to david aik right now off the cuff i don't know
who he is or what he talks about what a joke
this is
how stupid do they think we are
i don't even know what to say i i'm but i'm gonna watch because i'm sure i'm
gonna come up with something to say
wow just wow i don't know what to say but wow
you know whose whose job they understand themselves to be to you know figure
out where everyone else is getting it wrong
feels a little bit like that like you know what that's not actually
either a particularly honorable but more to the point um truth seeking
position and uh and here is where you and i landed on one
and you know this is our bias but we think it is the right one
that evolutionary biologists here we go train
uh in the complexity of the world where uh the things that seem totally
an obvious and turn out to be true there's
just no question it's a social phenomenon you're going to have to reconcile
well like she said this and he said that's like no
it's in front of you the forest is what the forest is the reef is what the reef
is the bats the front whatever it is and
the seams impossible i cannot reconcile this
so it's really funny because what the argument i think she's trying to say is
that evolutionary biologists have some kind of special skill or superpower
that allows them to see connections and explanations
that nobody else can see and i think this reveals again
what i've been trying to explain over the last
many many years and more importantly over the last few months
is what academic biology does to people who don't successfully
extricate themselves from their system and i think what you just said in the
chat is absolutely true they still talk like classroom professors
because they haven't actually extricated from themselves from that system
they are still thinking of themselves has completely worthy of and actually
still performing the role of college professor
just doing it from an independent role from an independent podcast
but they still think of themselves as college professors
they still think of themselves as people who are lecturing
who are standing in front of a classroom and therefore need to conduct
themselves with a certain level of decorum and in a certain level of
sophistication with a certain level of code words
and proper combinations of them and so that is the difference between me
and them i am a father of three i i am lucky enough to be married to my
best friend and i am somebody who struggled very
hard to get on that ladder of tenure track professor
in an academic setting and in the course of doing that
saw a lot of the shortcomings of academics from the inside
and the people that are still in academia will definitely tell you that
what that is is me making excuses for my failure
but i see it from my perspective as i deal with it as a way of understanding
how i never fit in how my way of seeing the world
was not compatible with the way that you needed to see
and question the world in academia and her portrayal
of evolutionary biologists of having a superpower or having some kind of
secret that other people don't have is exactly the kind of bullshit
that every academic professor biologist engages in and they say
and they start with the words my lab studies the question of
or my lab looks apt or the specialty of my lab is
the question that i ask for which no one else has an answer because no one else
is asking it is evolutionary biology
and so you can't argue with me because i bring to the table this very unique
perspective that is very different from yours
and the conclusions that i come to are superior obviously that's a bias but
that's what we think those are the exact words she used
and so rather than becoming a well-rounded biologist that can also
wax intellectual about the pattern integrity of the
immune system or the pattern integrity of the digestive tract
or the pattern integrity of protein expression around the body
she keeps herself an evolutionary biologist everything
that she thinks of has to be from the angle of evolutionary biology and
therefore she can't tell you the whole story she can't tell you the whole
show she's never going to jump out of that and say wow
how does evolutionary biology explain the fact we didn't have vaccines before
like 1950
how does evolutionary biology explain the the role of sewer and water
treatment and water purification in disease
you see this is where their whole stick just kind of falls apart
because as they try to masquerade as evolutionary
biologists that are also ecologists and all this other stuff
they fail miserably at applying the very basic principles of
biological and scientific investigation to any of the questions that they ask
because they make these gigantic assumptions about their toolbox
and about how their toolbox is so appropriate and so unique
that it doesn't matter what the the problem is they bring their
evolutionary toolbox and lo and behold look
Brett's got the answer because he's an evolutionary dude
listen the the argument's going to get better
what am i not seeing like it at the end of the day when you have one of those
and it's nature and you're an evolutionary biologist
you have to keep digging what don't i know what did i get wrong which of my
assumptions is flawed where like where is the error
in my understanding of the universe because the fact is the universe is
doing this thing it doesn't make sense according to the model i've got
therefore and so at that this this iterative process is unique to
evolutionary biologists what a weird claim that is to make
what a what an absolutely ridiculous claim it is to make but of course it's
coming from someone who has a publication record that's
is it a paper long is it two papers long how many
how many actual biological studies that have come from a hypothesis
to an experiment to analysis and conclusion has she done
i don't know my guess is less than me
my guess is the same for Brett it's much less than me
and although all of mine are in one basic field
all of mine have a hypothesis a set of experiments
that are repeatable and involve measurements in a control group and an
experimental group and a hypothesis that made predictions
based on what those measurements might be or not be
a null hypothesis the whole thing a couple of those papers even involved
quantitative pcr some of those other papers even
involved transfection of live animals and the expression of foreign proteins
in their brain and they got published in in in
papers like nature neuroscience
and actually i'm a co-author on a science article i mean
what have they done to talk so arrogantly about how the iterative
process of scientific questioning and and investigation is done what have they
done yet listen to the arrogance with which they talk about their
purported net positive if you just look the area under the curve the net positive
contribution to covid are you kidding me
it's extraordinary because these are these are the people that are getting
that that we need to get over that people need to get over and need to see
through that's why that we need to do this you don't like it
it's not a legitimate way of investigating listen to why it's a
legitimate way of investigating are you ready
are you ready
Robert Malone and everyone who's involved in this has been telling us
for years that this is fifth generation warfare
they have been telling us for years that we are being attacked
well i hate to break it to you but if we are being attacked we are being
attacked by liars we are being attacked by being misled
we are being attacked by misinformation and so we need to find the people who
are doing
we need to find the people who are doing it wittingly and unwittingly
and i don't need any allies i don't need any friends
giga ohm biological can remain a hundred percent
independent on the intellectual intellectual
indecipherable infotigable bright web we don't need any allies in this fight
all we need to do is be fighting for the same thing
and if Brett was fighting for our grandchildren he would be fighting in a
very different way than he is he's fighting for his grandchildren
in fact i feel like he's fighting for his family right now
not our families not all of our collective families and not
our grandchildren he's not looking to plant trees under whose shade he will
never shelter
he's looking to upgrade his backyard right now
and i'd love to do it too
but we have a problem to solve we need to figure out this this problem of
vaccines we need to figure out this problem of viruses
we need to figure out this problem of
transfection and gene transfection and and
we need to figure out all of this stuff and we need to understand it now
this work is not done it has just begun we have just
accepted the fact that this work needs to be done and they are not accepting
these people are actually making sure that we never actually accept the
challenge of looking at the vaccine schedule
these people are making sure that we never accept the challenge
of looking at what Mark Bailey and Sam Bailey wrote in
in in farewell to virology they are making sure that we never look at
Stefan Lanka's work we never look at at at do'sburg again
we never think about the illusion of viruses that was started back
with the AIDS epidemic we're not going to ever get there
with these people
Robert Malone will never take us back to question what really happened with
HIV Robert Malone will never take us there
Brett Weinstein will never take us there
a lot of these people in the intellectual know all of these people
will not take us there that's what you need to see
they will not take us there
beef is what the reef is the bats the frog whatever it is
and the seams impossible I cannot reconcile this
what am I not seeing like it at the end of the day when you have one of those
and it's nature and you're an evolutionary biologist
you have to keep digging what don't I know what did I get wrong which of my
assumptions is flawed where like where is the error in my
understanding of the universe because the fact is the universe is doing this
thing it doesn't make sense according to the model I've got
therefore I know that I need to keep looking
I need to keep digging that is the training that you had
and that I have had and that is how we approach everything even when it seems
to most people like what you know what's evolutionary biology got to do with it
well everything almost always you know that's it's unless it's rocks or
quasars it's evolutionary and it is that training that you know
you know you were thinking about and so now think about how handicapping
that is if you think that the idea of evolution
and their idea of evolution is not as sophisticated as it needs to be I
assure you of that it is not for example
it is not for example sophisticated enough to have any of this book in it
bio communication and natural genome editing
is not going to have anything to do with viruses essential agents of life
which basically are huge collection of scientific papers
in bound form that show that viruses are actually
integral to the evolutionary process because it is endogenous and exogenous
viruses that are responsible for the sorting and reassorting and movement
of this genetic material that Darwin attributed to random mutation
it's not random mutation it's endogenous viruses and exogenous
viruses and it's it's genetic signals whatever they are I don't know if
they're viruses this book calls them viruses
but there are there are genetic signals which are packaged inside of
exosomes extracellular vesicles whatever you want to call them
and these signals these these things are are
integral in the in the assortment of our genetic
information during gamete selection etc and they know this they know this from
other animals they know it from other organisms they know it from studying
protozoan and and and zooplankton in in the ocean they know all this stuff
already but apparently these evolutionary biologists are
relatively naive to these mechanisms by which
the very foundation of their biology
works there is no evolution without these
endogenous retroviruses there's no evolution at all
there's no crossing over of genes like so what are what are they
what are they really talking about here then
it's extraordinary it's an act it's a it's a pantomime
it's just it's it's just frustrating because
and i'm going to be here forever i'm going to be here all by myself forever
because i'm not going to i'm not going to play this game of
of allowing this to go on i'm never going to be on breath show it's never
going we're never going to be buddies because
he he talked to me for a year in a signal chat
where we talked about this biology for a year and this is where they are
in complete denial that if they wanted to they could have known
all of this in 2021 all of it
and they could be saying it all right now they could have been using
transfection as a word every day and they could have saved
hundreds of thousands of people from taking a vaccine that should have been
called a transfection from the very beginning
but instead just one time on tucker's show
he kind of waxed intellectual about how wouldn't have been interesting if we
would have just called it a transfection from the very beginning
like that guy jay cooey wanted me to do since 2021
no there's there's not this is not a game anymore
some mistakes are unless they are apologize for and admitted they are
they're inexcusable and this mealy mouth attempt to try and make it
about masks when it was also about lockdowns it was also
about natural immunity and it was also about
the immune response in general not being about antibodies it was also about
a hundred other things that they got wrong and perpetuated the questioning
of the wrong questioning of instead of clarifying what the real biological
facts were before the pandemic and how they still were relevant now
they perpetuated the novelty and the mystery of it all
rather than the likely non mystery and non novelty of it all
they did very very very very big damage
and they did it because they were given a platform
it's not because on his eighth podcast with Sam Harris that three hours was
just so compelling that his his viewership skyrocketed
go look at that at what happened with his patreon support over the course of
the pandemic and you'll see exactly what's going on
he was elevated to a certain level and then boom came Robert Malone
and his income quadrupled and that lasted for a little while
and that's slowly been going right back down to baseline ever since and that's
why they're in panic mode right now they're trying to
get back to what they imagined they would be able to sustain
those few months after Robert Malone I was on
and they were able to get lots of of spontaneous support and everybody was
feeling bad because we lost our youtube channel
and they demonetized our youtube channel we need your help
this is all by design ladies and gentlemen he might not know it he might
be an unwitting participant it's possible but given who his father is
it's highly unlikely highly unlikely given who his brother is
it's highly unlikely given that when we were in that signal
chat together he said that he was basically the biological advisor of
of Joe Rogan I would say it's highly unlikely
that he's an unwitting participant I'm gonna play the rest of this because I'm
pretty sure I didn't record it for nothing it's only I have left
conclusion and conspiracy a lot for decades before before covid
but you were also thinking about rainforests and the you know the
patterns of biodiversity on the planet and the evolution of morality
and the evolution of senescence and cancer and all of these other
extraordinarily complex systems which you know every single one of those
you had to apply a similar toolkit in its you know in its generality
but the precise things were very different and so when you start applying
that to an understanding of political systems and you know how
I can definitely see why Brett married Heather because I have never heard a
wife blow so much sunshine that's really extraordinary
sloppy holy and the evolution of morality and the
evolution of senescence and cancer and all of these other
extraordinarily complex systems which you know every single one my husband
can understand so many extraordinarily complex systems
he's like a cue from from the next generation of Star Trek
he is the smartest guy I know holy cow I mean that that's impressive
I that's it's like a valentine's day video here holy cow
with those you had to apply a similar toolkit in its you know in its
generality but the precise things were very different
and so when you start applying that to an understanding of political systems
and you know how how an NIH might be in collusion
with the CCP okay didn't do that one but here are all the tools that we
bring to bear on this let's the NIH is in conclusion
collusion with the CCP well that's interesting I didn't know that that
was their running hypothesis that that's an interesting thing to drop there
wow let's go so you know we're we're you and I
later to be thinking about Wuhan and the CCP then those who were focused on the
CCP for years in advance sure and like you're always going to be
later than someone there's one person who's first
and this it feels you know what it feels like this feels like an
analogous argument to cultural appropriation
you know if you if you weren't the person who invented it then you have
no business here well come on guys like enough already this is
ridiculous it is ridiculous and I would exactly
along the lines that you are arguing it's called it's it's a parallel to
cultural appropriation to say that you didn't have
principles for a year and a half and we're just calling you out on it
that you damaged college kids because you didn't know better
because you terrified college kids into going back to campus and taking
tests until they could get the vaccine and then taking the vaccine so they
didn't have to take tests anymore you are part of the reason why they
didn't have the courage to resist you are part of the reason they didn't
read my review you are the part of the reason why
the college kids are still damaged and still
lost because you won't admit
therefore their college professors don't have to admit they don't have to
admit none of them have to admit that they were taken because Brett Weinstein
wasn't taken we were all confused the information
data space was contaminated or it was very dirty or it was cloudy
boy what a wife she is I mean really that was spectacular
you almost have to believe that she's unwittingly doing that because that
there's no way I mean wow wow
maybe they were fooled by Eric you know maybe the whole intellectual dark web
was just taken by Eric and Rogan or something maybe
maybe Jordan Peterson hypnotized all of them I don't know
I just I can't believe it I can't believe it because it's just so easy
it's just so easy to say wow we were taken
wow we were taken it's not about getting it it's about getting taken
and about not being where you were supposed to be because you claimed to be
a biologist you claimed that you were going to do an immunology lecture
soon and never did it you said that in March of 2020
and never did it why didn't you do it because part of the narrative was
antibodies are the the the primary indication of immunity and that
couldn't be questioned because that was also part of the narrative that needed
protecting so you argued about other stuff like the lab leak like I did
you argued about hydroxychloroquine and ivermectin
even more so which is a very curious one to have chosen
you helped bring Pierre Cori on to the scene and make him
widely known you brought Steve Kirsch and Robert Malone on to the scene
which is also very curious
and you gained a lot of a lot of financial support during that time as
well your your patreon support quadrupled or tripled during that time
and somehow or another you haven't been able to parlay that into a
consistent following and i think that's because
this is an illusion
it has become obvious that you're playing some role
other than other than out of work biologist and crusader for the sacred
which is definitely not what either of these people are
and they will mimic that sometimes they will mind that sometimes but
they are not the biologist you're looking for they're really not
and they're not even the storytellers you're looking for
and unfortunately we are having them shoved down our throat right now by the
people that are handling this because they're using tucker Carlson to do it
and that's not a small spoon that's force feeding
hundreds of thousands if not millions of people Brett Weinstein
as a legitimate dissident and so it is worth complaining about
because he's not a legitimate dissident
and and i'm i am absolutely sure that he's not a legitimate dissident i don't
know how much he's on the take or not on the take
but whatever he's doing he's doing it to be invited back to barbecues that you
and i are never going to be invited to
he's doing whatever he's doing to get himself farther in the social
economic hierarchy that he believes he's climbing within
the joe rogan is in that these other people are in
he would love to have a two hundred and fifty million dollar
contract with spotify but of course he doesn't but he would love to have that
and i believe that that might even be their goal
and that maybe the system will give it to them
and i wouldn't be very surprised if it did
is this over no wow what am i doing here this is like
an hour and 35 minutes is supposed to be 10 minutes of the tool kit
right is actually the strength and it may be if you want to just say hey
i was the first person to spot that they were lying because i knew where they
were lying for years before they started lying you know if you want to do
that then well okay how operationalizable is that
right how much good did you actually do right all you've done is
preserve your ability to claim and you're killing us like you can do that thing
forever right along that but did you did you have a mechanism whereby
uh mrna shots cause myocarditis did you spot that that is actually going to be
true for anything you load into that platform has nothing to do with spike
oh but that what he said right there what he said right there
that that did you have a mechanism by which that would
load that anything you loaded into that platform could cause that that's me
i taught him that i argued with him about that for like four months on
signal before he finally admitted that it was real and that it was possible
and then he went on podcast after podcast saying
that peter makala jay kui and i think i came up with it myself
and now he's doing it here he's still doing the same recycling of the same
bullshit and it's on the same dumb points
the same dumb points that he definitely could not have come up with on his own
i know he didn't because i was in the signal chat where i taught it to him
and where other people in the signal chat were also having trouble grasping
it
and the people that were in that signal chat are not nobody
there are people that are still running around masquerading as people that
aren't trying to get us out of this as patriots
and i find myself very very want to not believe them because i don't trust
any of them because of the way that they treated me
the only thing that i have to give to the world is
my little story what i know from my experience
i can't give the our world anything else
and my own little private hell is that i've been contacted by a lot of these
people i've had private phone calls with a lot of these people sometimes in the
middle of the night and when i say a lot of these people
i'm not talking about some random you know oh i got to talk to uh
Brett Weinstein once at one of these gatherings or something like that
no i'm talking about getting phone calls having their names in my phone
having special ringtones so that i know that they are calling
and i've had several instances of people that i've had special ringtones on
my phone because i thought i finally made a connection with somebody that
matters and it's always turned out to be bull
it's always been a disappointment think about that
think about the fact that i actually got a job at children's health defense that
only lasted for six months that's how hard i'm working on this
and some people want you to believe that i'm burning bridges everywhere and
that's why i am where i am and it's not the case
it's because i'm telling the truth all the time 100 percent of the time
i am spitting the truth and people don't like it
even when it's in private meetings in private zooms they don't like it
even when the truth is very very much just the truth they don't like it
and that's the problem here there isn't a person in this game who isn't playing
this fake it until you make it bullshit
isn't playing this you know i'll tell the truth about certain things and lie
about other things and i'll get away with it
no one else there is no one else in this game
that's playing it straight except for maybe mark kulak and a few others
there's these people that have risen there none of them are playing it straight
none of them are real people
none of them are legitimately struggling they are clinging to their comfort
that has been provided to them by a system that has been recruited them in order to sustain itself
because they are propelling this mythology they are propelling this mythology that is
trapping our children and they are they are in complete denial of it
winning or on winning i don't know i i tend to air on winning
brat for sure brat for sure
the only person during the entire history of my career as a as a biologist
listen to this very carefully the only person in my entire career as a biologist to tell me
that i was a shitty teacher is brat winesley
the only person to tell me that i'm not really sure that talking to you for a half
an hour is going to do any good is brat winesley
and that guy is now telling the world that he more or less his name is a net positive
for covid a net positive net positive is how he works on on rating himself
as a thought leader and as a member of his dream team
it's annoying to me i'll be really honest with you whoops
it's annoying to me i'll be really honest with you because i spent a lot of time and a lot of
effort and a lot of energy trying to share my knowledge and the work that i was doing with them
in private and i trusted them i trusted that they were working for my kids best interest i
trusted them and that they were working with me um with my family's best interest in mind and i
trusted them not to use me and i definitely was used and when i was no longer useful they
tossed me out some of those people that are in that that little uh that little group are still
every once in a while pinging me somewhere and in a negative way
and it's just sad because this this has really solidified my belief unfortunately that the
clone story is the story you want to be distracted by the swarm you want to be distracted by
RNA fidelity or whatever else that's fine but clones are the thing
and synthetic viruses are the thing and it's what everybody doesn't want to talk about
and it's the only thing that there are patents for there's only thing that there are is a definite
traceable pattern in the literature for the pursuit of self-replicating RNA and and
and virus-like particles and packaging of virus-like particles using transfection that's that's what
it is and so as we move forward you can continue to expect these people to be gatekeepers you can
expect them to be gatekeepers you can expect them not to talk about this and and what's really
extraordinary is just to give you an example of how bad it is that they won't talk about these
points at all that we're never going to get there with these people and that that's the way you see
where we are we are a hundred percent controlled we have not won anything at all it at some point
during covid it felt like everybody was going to wake up that everybody was going to question
the vaccine schedule that nobody was going to give their kid a vaccine again that holy cow this is
really going to happen and then is over that whole momentum vanished I mean it vanished
and it's it's you can almost not feel it anymore it's vanished so quickly and maybe that's just me
after the gut punch of january 4th but boy I don't feel this I don't feel the momentum right now
even though I believe wholeheartedly in this being the thing they're ignoring I don't feel
the momentum anymore I feel it's been taken away from us and you can hear it here listen to
erin rogers and and and joe rogan speak and not question the childhood vaccine schedule not
question the childhood vaccine schedule listen to them not question anything except for kind of
transfection but not really and certainly not the childhood vaccine schedule because I just thought
it was a flu shot meaning flu shots are fine meaning flu shots are fine the message right now
out of the joe rogan podcast is flu shots are well if you know peter mccaula peter mccaula is like
that guy has standards and morals and ethics I mean he is a rock solid and he actually treated
patients too actually treated patients he's also the most published doctor in history yeah in his
particular field of study like what's what do you what is the the conspiracy on that about
motivation like what do I get out of that well do you get out at a share what you share well I
didn't think anything was going to happen when when then it happened with me I knew that people
were upset at me because I was hesitant to take the vaccine but that was because two people I
knew got strokes yeah I wasn't initially hesitant at all I was set up to take it I was set up to
take it by the UFC yeah I was ready to do it I was like okay shoot me up I was going to have them
do it to me I thought of it like a flu shot like if I was about to do the UFC and they said oh
you have to take a flu shot before you say it might all right just take me I didn't think it was
going to be a big deal and then they said well in two weeks when you're back just come early and
you come to the clinic I said okay we'll do that and then within that two weeks it got pulled yeah
luckily you know but it's not just those two guys I know a lot of people now it's pretty severe
vaccine injuries so I don't and so many people have reached out to me because of what happened to
me celebrities that wanted to be quiet about it you know people that are like really hesitant
about talking about it openly and publicly but they were really scared like people that have
like real serious problem I have two friends that have pacemakers now yeah I'm gonna talk about that
they're like one of them under 30s right yeah it was a dentist that's not fucking normal no it's
not normal it's not normal it's not normal for your heart to stop for nine seconds at a time he's a
thin healthy young guy and all of a sudden his heart starts fucking up why does nobody care about
that well everyone's scared there's people that are scared because they took it and they're worried
that they have a ticking time mom and they want any information any information that refutes that
and that confirms that they made the right choice also they did make the right choice morally and
ethically when they did it they did it because they thought they were doing the right thing everybody
has to do it we're going to protect everyone if we all do this this is going to get us out of
the pandemic because the news media was being used by these pharmaceutical drug companies to
push a very specific narrative and they didn't do any critical thinking they didn't step outside
the box they didn't talk to any scientist that differed they all just stuck with whatever Fauci
said whatever the NIH said and they also demonize people who are saying things that have been proven
to be absolutely correct like the fucking lab leak theory if you brought up the lab leak theory
used to get banned from youtube now it's widely accepted by everyone everyone so was all the
all the conspiracies that that got people censored and kicked off so many of them have been proven
yeah true yeah so many of them have proven to be true what about that conspiracy theory about
vaccines causing autism what about that that theory about vaccines causing chronic disease and
allergies because those conspiracies are also on the table on Joe Rogan's table every once in a while
on on RFK's lips every once in a while on other people's lips like Peter McCullough
they were just they were just shouting about Peter McCullough Peter McCullough said it more than once
that the childhood vaccine schedule he doesn't think he would use it anymore
so where are where is it why are we plugging Peter McCullough we're not going to plug that statement
that's like plugging Denny Rancor and then saying that he says 17 million people were killed by
the shot but not saying that he also doesn't have any excuse me too much water evidence for spread
think about that that's exactly the exact way that the limited spectrum of debate is done
and I suspect that an unwitting participant here is is Aaron Rodgers and a winning participant is
is Joe Rogan
and so we we accept the virus we accept that it's going around we accept that people were hurt
by the shot we accept that people were rushed into doing it because people were told that it was safe
but for some reason or another these super geniuses can't really get to the question of
well I wonder if they were lying about any of this stuff before the pandemic I wonder if any
of these moms that have been crying on the doorstep of Congress for years about and these dads
these autism parents that have been ridiculed as conspiracy theorists and lambasted on TV for decades
maybe that's real too are these guys actually not smart enough to come that far
or are they just kind of pretending to be awake because that's where we are
where people are too afraid to wake all the way up so they just really hold on tight to these
few revelations that are safe now lab leak and transfection was probably bad if you took a lot
of them you know maybe no more boosters or something like that
it's really it's really really annoying it's really annoying because this Scooby-Doo is going
on it's not stopping the the because of what you just saw there because of Joe Rogan
because of of Brett Weinstein we're still in the middle of this and we're still going to be
arguing about the exact definition of a lab leak for a couple more years I assure you
people are still going to ignore that in Bobby's book the the
the coronavirus paper from 2019 of Cina Bavaria and Allison Tatura is right there in the book
to show you that in 2019 the director of the US Amrit science group or whatever the hell it's
called the science director of US Amrit wrote a paper with the last postdoc of of Ralph Barrick
about a coronavirus pandemic that would need Remdesivir as a cure
and then a few short months later here comes the pandemic and here comes Tony Fauci on the couch
of the White House recommending Remdesivir after it was just recently used for Sohomish
County man who provided the perfect viral sample that cultured and provided a perfect
sequence that perfectly matched the sequence that was reported in Wuhan and voila you have a
spreading pandemic then we had emails and arguments and redactions and and publications
that said crazy things and now everybody figured it out it's a lab leak it's a lab leak the worst
case scenario happened early but I want his high morbidity I want we can keep playing this guy
over and over again and you know Sasha can put it on her website and on her sub stack and claim
that oh look what I found but we've been using this video for the almost three years now
nobody wants to admit it that's fine nobody wants to go back to my May videos in my June
videos in my July videos from 2020 but that's fine
where I was trying very hard to explain how a PCR test that's not specific but but not specific
for any particular background virus but just for SARS viruses or these RNA viruses in general
would be enough to cause a pandemic that the testing alone is enough to do it and weird enough
the people that are involved in controlling this narrative have been involved in the testing
business their whole lives the people that are involved in telling us for sure that there is a
DNA in the in the shots and that we can test for it they were both involved in testing
one of them was involved in testing for HIV back in the day
the other one was involved in PCR testing for SARS at the beginning of the pandemic like come on
a conflict of interest to anyone are there not enough people without conflicts of interest that we
could talk to why do we have to talk to somebody who not only worked for the human genome project
which was really the US Department of Energy because that's the high security version of
of the executive branch that the Department of Energy where the nuclear weapons are that's
where they put the human genome project after you get out of the human genome project if you
then go into producing DNA for micro rays and you go into producing tests for HIV I'm not really
sure that you're the best person to speak out against the public health narrative of a pandemic
but okay
we have to wake up to the fact that some of these people that put themselves in front of us and
are claiming martyrdom I'm not martyrs they're actors they're part of a national security narrative
we're just going to have to admit it they've been telling us right to our face that this is
fifth generation warfare fifth generation warfare is lying I don't know how to explain it any other
way it's not that complicated you get really pretty girls and really attractive men
and really well-spoken men and really boring people and really convincing people and you get
them all to lie about the same thing and you put them on social media and you put them on TV and
you give them a podcast and you use the algorithms to artificially elevate them so that more people
than normal would see them and other people that you don't want to be seen do not get those
kinds of boosts and actually get demoted on social media and the algorithms demote them
and over a very short period of time certain people will have been seen by many more people
than they would have been seen had these systems not been in place and more importantly the
information and ideas that they were sent out into this world with will be heard and seen by
more people than would have been seen if these mechanisms weren't there and in so doing the
protocols were not available for us to blame for a significant portion of the deaths when those
deaths were occurring we can see them now we can look back with Jessica Hawkins introspective data
and see that what we thought was happening didn't happen
but when we asked somebody like Pierre Corey he's got some kind of answers which say yeah but it did
happen even though the numbers don't show that it happened these people insist that it happened
they treated people it was a novel virus very new but nobody could see it nobody was isolating
it not one of these people ever sequenced it the only reason why they know it's a new virus is
because they told there was a new virus and they were told that this diagnostic right here can
show you the new virus that's it that's just diagnostic oh there's a red line does that mean
that the virus is there or there's a red line mean that it's not there red line is virus okay great
that's the level of sophistication that this argument is taking place at oh i'm sure there
was something new because i treated it i'm sure there was something new because i was told there
was something new i'm there was 50 people on a ventilator but you were told to put them on a
ventilator right or not right and this is going to go on and on and on why because people won't
stop lying so that's why because these people are never going to stop lying they're never going
to do it because that's what fifth generation warfare is it's not any more complicated than that
it's not it's the algorithms help the algorithms are important but it's not AI it's not fake videos
it's not people making videos with an AI version of my voice and then ruining my life
it's very simple things like credit rating and ability to get alone
and it's it's promoting people who are committed to lying
and if you promote people that are committed to lying about the exact same thing in the exact same way
you can control a society that's fifth generation warfare in a nutshell
and that's how we are being governed right now and many of these people are
unwitting participants but many more of them are winning participants they're happy to be part
of the governing group they're happy to be a thought leader they're happy to be invited to
those barbecues they're happy to be invited to those meetings they're happy to carry the card
they're happy to get the laminate they're very proud of themselves being part of this elite group
of people that's not a mouth breather that just doesn't go to the gas station like everybody else
but goes to the gas station with that knowledge that they're part of the inside group the cool kids
and you can see them because they stick to this
and lately it feels like even if I actually say this over and over and over again i'm still
getting attacked by some of these people and that's very strange but we just keep going we keep
our arms straight we keep our flashlights forward and we get out of this cave by looking at the
mystery virus and knowing that it doesn't equal excess deaths by trying to do the math and by
trying to sort through these people who they are what role they're playing what they're supposed
to be doing or not doing or if they're just people fighting for our grandkids
i hope they're people fighting for our grandkids i really do i hope they are i'm not very convinced
skip a few slides there and i'm going to go right to the end
um i just want to make sure that everybody knows that this is far from over and that we're just
getting started um remember that we are advocating now for a pause on the vaccine schedule in america
it needs to be reevaluated um the the contents of the vaccine schedule need to be reevaluated
but also it's it's very existence it's construction it's justification it's scheduling everything
needs to be questioned and that means we need a pause because it is probably damaging
lots and lots of children um advocate for strict liability on all pharmaceutical products and that's
really something that lawyers understand everybody understands it's a really simple way to fix this
problem it gets rid of almost like 90 percent of the problem from the very beginning just say
strict liability thank you very much um and actually if you restored the vaccine act from 1986 to its
original writing it would be okay and then got rid of the prep act we would be all right
you got to be very careful if somebody tries to tell you to get rid of the 1986 vaccine act
because the 1986 vaccine act is the only legislation on the books that acknowledges
that vaccines cause damage that vaccines are dangerous so we don't want to get rid of that
law we want to put it back to the way it was when it was first envisioned and first
accepted first written and first legislated and then improve it from there rather than all the
amendments that watered it down over the years after it was originally written we need to investigate
the use of deadly protocols and and and numerical chicanery to create the mass casualty events
um and I just want to do a shout out here really quick um Jessica Hawket got a reply from uh
the response from Pierre Corey on the questions about the New York experience and I do think
it's worthwhile I might even do a whole show on this tomorrow um on some of his responses it's
very curious one of the things that she highlights is that she's that he says I'm what I'm really
worried about is that you guys will never admit that there was that this was a novel
pathogen even though it was and so what you see right here is Pierre Corey being very very
adamant about the idea that there was a novel virus and it killed millions of people
and so this is the faith that I think we need to dispel but I don't want to
to automatically or or or offhand discount Pierre Corey and so uh giving him the benefit of the
doubt I think it's going to be necessary to read a couple of these sub stacks again and then watch
these videos and listen carefully but I just want you to listen to this last video down here because
I did watch it and it's only two minutes long and it makes an interesting observation that I think is
crucial to the illusion which is that long covid has something to do with with what recently
happened with the novel virus and I'm exceedingly frustrated by this because it especially coming
from a doctor because it somehow ignores and you'll hear that that he spits it out very
contradictory he contradicts himself in two sentences directly in the sense of saying it's
definitely a novel virus and the evidence for it is that it creates a disease that was here
before the pandemic called chronic fatigue syndrome and this has always bothered me from the very
beginning because again once the the pandemic had kicked off it wasn't very long before the
rumors of extended covid or long covid were already out there in the background not dissimilar to the
worst case scenarios of a billion people dying and we need to lockdown longer than 15 days we need
60 or whatever it was also was out there was this idea of long covid and that frustrated me a lot
because chronic fatigue syndrome was something that before the pandemic was often often written off
as as being non-existent or being psychosomatic or whatever and like so many of these things that
I think in retrospect will be tied to vaccine damage will be tied to flu vaccine damage or HPV
vaccine damage that this chronic fatigue syndrome that a lot of college age kids were getting
that was likely vaccine injury is being confounded and right away at the beginning of the pandemic
with the spreading of this virus and so it's extremely telling to hear this man say that that
chronic fatigue syndrome is evidence for the spread of a novel virus listen very carefully
because that's exactly what he says
and you guys are also ignoring this but the novelty of this pathogen is I think also equally
best evidence in terms of the huge rates of long covid which is although it's a new name it's an
old disease it's called me CFS for myologic encephalitis chronic fatigue syndrome the three pillars of
that diagnosis it's fatigue post-exertum lays and brain fiber cognitive deficits I literally left
medicine I have a practice which treats nothing but long covid and long vax actually long vax is
far more common than long covid but the long covid I mean they're still equally or almost
equally the vaccine injured are much sicker generally on average sicker than long covid so
so what I find most curious about this and I'm going to let you go is that the the proposal that I
made on Bobby Kennedy's defender podcast when Robert Malone and Meryl Nasse and Tess Lorry
and Jessica Rose were listening and were commenting afterward was a transfection not
not of an infectious clone but it was a transfection of the spike protein alone as an immunogenic protein
and a transfection of the spike protein alone could result in a lot of the things that we see
and would have a lot of parallels with a transfection intramuscularly to a spike
an inhaled transfection to the spike would have a very similar outcome
and it struck me as kind of odd that what everybody got really excited about and really got
mad about was the clones everybody kind of ignored what I said on that podcast with Bobby which was
actually a transfection of the spike protein alone would be enough and that they could use the
DNA of the spike and the DNA of the whole clone whenever to plant the PCR positivity
and that the PCR positivity to the spike would be there in a spike transfection the best part
about the spike transfection is it's a smaller RNA molecule to package it's a smaller
it's a it's a proven technology you can definitely express a protein
and it would result perhaps in the exact thing that Giorgio talks about what's
seed a few cases there seed a few cases there listen to what he keeps saying now listen carefully
but more in covens are wicked I mean I have a literally a practice full of them and although
ME CFS used to occur you know it's typically associated with mononucleosis the rates at which
you saw that come it does not even compare to covid and so the rates that you saw it does not
even compare to covid but what he said earlier was that that there aren't that many people who have
long covid from covid most of them are long vax so again we're talking about exposure to
transfection we're talking about being transfected is it transfected to the spike that matters that's
possible but what I would like you to see is that a a transfection in certain places could cause
people to complain cause people to have the molecular signal cause people to have the immunological
signal cause people to even develop antibodies to the spike and so the one funny thing that people
had supposedly when they had normal the circulating version of whatever this is is that they had
N protein antibodies that was the one story that they told us that had some sort of connection
between natural infection and transfection was that antibodies to the N protein were evident
after infection but not after transfection and so that's curious
and we could probably figure that out if we looked at some of these people to see whether or not they
had transfection or infection whether they had these N proteins if we believe that's a real thing
but what I'm trying to get at here is very very simple the disease already existed there's
already a mechanism by which it could have been generated and that is vaccination
vaccination in college kids in particular for HPV and for whatever else they decided to give them
and the idea that it's mostly associated with mononucleosis another disease that happens in
college not saying don't go to college I'm saying that this is something that is being distorted
and misrepresented as something that wasn't very prevalent it's not very prevalent
because people won't diagnose it it was much more prevalent than than the numbers say because
most doctors denied its existence and then when long covid came out everybody had long covid
and it was totally accepted that's the difference and he seems to be completely ignorant of that
he seems to think that it was really really rare before the pandemic and now it's everybody
this thing is wicked I have so many disabled patients I have an entire practice I have a partner
we work full-time I have an employee an NP and we have an entire practice with the same syndrome
and that's all I do for a living now and it's wickedly complex to treat and it's not a syndrome from
the virus it's not a syndrome from the virus it's a syndrome from transfection
and he is being very dishonest if he won't say that
if he was going to be honest I would argue I'm sorry Pierre but I would argue if you were going
to be really honest what you should say is that what I see in these patients that are being
transfected is eerily similar to some small number of people
who were affected from the beginning before they got transfected
and that's the only evidence that I have that there might be a novel pathogen that has some
connection to what we transfected people to because those two are connected and then maybe those
gears would start to turn in his head and he would start to realize well maybe that's because
they were kind of the same thing because they were kind of exposure to the same
immunogen both times
and it doesn't have to be an infectious clone ladies and gentlemen it can just be a lipid
nanoparticle aerosolized with RNA for a spike protein and immunogen that would cause your immune
system to go haywire you know like a like a staph and tirotoxin B
so the concept of it being a incapacitating agent is not crazy the concept of it being a self
replicating self-perpetuating endlessly circulating
incapacitating agent is absurd the idea that an incapacitating agent might kill a
billion people is absurd the idea that an incapacitating agent of this nature could be protected from
by a surgical mask is ridiculous but it's all part of the worst case scenario cartoon narrative
that these people were involved in laying and involved in preserving so that the fundamental
principle of what happened gets passed on to our children so that this mythology is passed on
to our children of long covid of a pandemic of a novel pathogen it must be passed on to our
children so that they accept the changes in the vaccine schedule so that they accept the changes
in the way that we think about public health in our lives so that they accept the changes in the
way that we think about our sovereignty going forward forever that's what this is about
they cannot question the vaccine schedule and they will not otherwise they would be doing it all
the time every time they were given a microphone trying to find different therapies to work in
patients is oftentimes really challenging a lot of times it's not so challenging but it's literally
it shows you just how toxic this pathogen was i mean i mean look at the disability roles
uh i mean probably that's mostly driven by the vaccines but i mean we've okay so it's mostly
driven by the vaccine but look how deadly the virus is it's not right you can't say this
you've got to stop we've got to start admitting that there wasn't a virus that whatever it was
it's not explainable by a virus because it didn't spread around
at very best at the very best at the very best the the no virus people will hate me for saying this
but at the very best this signal was always there that's the best case scenario for these people
it's the best case scenario for any of them at this stage for Brett for Kevin for Pierre for any
of them is that this signal was always there because there isn't something that was released
in July or October or if you go back a little farther it makes sense no no no that's not how
RNA works that's not how coronavirus is whatever they are that's not how they work nothing in the
literature has shown that they have that robust characteristic list of attributes no no no no no
at best the literature shows that there's something at that size scale and something in this range
that might resemble it but that's it that's all they've got and that's why the no virus stance is
so strong and deserves the utmost attention from AIDS onward all of those people deserve a
revisiting and I would not preclude to be the I'm not the person to say that I knew this first
those people were way ahead of me and so I am in the process of revisiting all of their work to make
sure that I give it the due credit it deserves as I try my best to contribute whatever I can to
pushing this ball forward of the no virus or or no pathogenic viruses or no need for for public
health to save us from pandemic viruses I don't know what the actual stance is going to be at the
end of this but I do know that this isn't right this insistence that there was something novel
that went around and devastated the world that insistence is just founded in baseless accusations
and TV watching at best and it is founded in commitment to lies at worst
and because I as a godfearing man I'm very afraid of liars and I'm very afraid of the power of lying
I feel it's really my it's my it's my only job at this stage to use
my common sense my critical thinking and my knowledge my broad understanding of biology as best I can
to help children understand biology well enough so that they can tell whether people are lying to
them or not about it that this mythology can't be passed on to them again like it was to me and you
we've got to stop this cycle right now it's got to end right now and if
Pierre is going to be stuck on this in this way it's okay because he is helping a lot of people
and a lot of people need help because a lot of people were transfected and if it takes Pierre
two more years to realize that the that the virus narrative was an illusion to make everybody
accept transfection as a wonder drug maybe that's the price we're going to have to pay
but at a certain moment we're just going to have to stop fighting for that portion of Pierre's
consciousness and just rest on our on the fact that at least he's helping the people who are
transfected now or trying but if we are going to free ourselves as a society is we're going to
free our children from this we need to get better than that we need to be clearer than that and
that means we need to be really speaking out against the childhood vaccine schedule and really
really speaking out in a way that matters and we also have to get out of the who in the UN
entirely which I think there are people who are fighting for that I think Meryl Nas has started
a new nonprofit she's fighting for that I think there's a couple other people who have been fighting
to get out of the who for a while I think it's a worthy cause we have to do it we have to elect
people to Congress who want to do it and I think you can find the meddlers by looking at what they
talk about and what they don't talk about and I won't belabor this point much more I just hope
that you realize that they've been telling these stories to one another for a long time and so
this mythology lives in their head the mythology lives in their head and so we are
we're not going to be able to get it out of all of their heads you know it's just not going to
happen because they believe in this AI like like like Sam Harris believes in the AI so we've got
to stop transfection healthy humans I heard a story from a mom today about how our kids getting
sick every week and it's because of the transfection we talked to her about it we know she knows
that or she has a gut feeling it's that and now the question is what does she do for her son
what do you do for your son if your son's getting sick every week with strep throat
do you get given him antibiotics that's all she's been been able to do and her son never got
strep throat he's had it like seven times this school year stop all transfections ladies and
gentlemen especially in healthy children for the love of god wake people up share this stream with
people share these words with people intrascular injection of any combination of substances with
the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb I am preparing I'll show you what I've got here
open on my desktop right now is the is the Sam Bailey thesis or the the what is this what are you
doing here what's happening shit oh no I got it stuck in between screens I apologize yeah there
so I'm working on it I don't feel like I should replicate any of their work I should just
acknowledge it so I'm starting with I'm starting with farewell to virology I'm going to take their
SARS-CoV-2 work and make that a first presentation then I'm going to look at some of the other stuff
but they look at with measles and with AIDS and of course a lot of that's older people's work
Lanka and other people so we've got a lot of work looking at what these people did I don't think any
of it's wrong I think some of it is misdirecting and some of it is probably not as important as
others and so I just want to distill it down a little bit give them credit where credits do and
then try to add the clones to it and I know they're not gonna like that I know they're gonna they're
gonna get pissed off and say that clones don't exist or something like that but I think that's where
this whole this whole cake actually bakes and becomes angel food is when you realize that
the no virus people are right and the way that virology has been extended into 2024 is
with infectious clones and synthetic RNA and DNA that that's the way that they've overcome
the virology illusion and and been able to successfully extend it into 2024 and beyond it will be a
it's a DNA RNA synthetic illusion and without understanding the role of clones you're not going
to be able to fully break through and so I believe that this just needs an extra chapter and then
we're there so you know call me a gatekeeper call you call me what you will I think I'm gonna have
Mark Bailey on my show at some point if he's willing to come on and we're gonna be able to work this
out in a way that that actually moves the ball forward I'm I'm I'm hopeful if not we're just
gonna keep doing the solo thing I'll see you tomorrow I'll be on again tomorrow
sorry I was so late again see you
you